Explicit disclosure docs improvements (#787)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.9.1/docs/app-dev/explicit-contract-disclosure.rst

.. note:: For an example using Java bindings for client applications, see the
  `Java Bindings StockExchange example project <https://github.com/digital-asset/ex-java-bindings/blob/f474ae83976b0ad197e2fabfce9842fb9b3de907/StockExchange/README.rst>`_.

Safeguards
----------

In the example above, what if the **Buyer** is malicious and wants to pay less than the official price quotation for **Seller**'s stock?
**Buyer** might try to do so by modifying the received ``disclosedPriceQuotation`` payload received from the **StockExchange** by setting a lower value in the contract's arguments
and then using the forged payload as a disclosed contract in the command submission exercising ``Offer_Accept`` on **Seller**'s offer.

Contract authentication
```````````````````````

> Scenarios like the one exemplified above are not possible due to a new technical feature introduced with explicit contract disclosure: Daml contract authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scenarios like the one exemplified above are not possible due to a new technical feature introduced with the explicit contract disclosure: Daml contract authentication.
```

Reviewer 2: If we want to use `the` here, I'd recommend `alongside the explicit contract disclosure feature:`, rather than `with the explicit contract disclosure:`.

> More specifically, each contract's information, such as its arguments, template-id, signatories, etc. are authenticated by
> incorporating in the contract's contract-id a hash over the relevant contract information, ensuring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More specifically, each contract's arguments, template-id, signatories, keys, etc. are incorporated into 
the contract's contract-id. It is a hash over all the relevant information, ensuring
```

Reviewer 2: `It is a hash over` in this edit should probably be replaced with `The contract ID hashes over` - I wasn't sure what `it` referred to in my first reading.

that any tampering leads to a different contract-id than the one submitted.

> Such a mis-alignment is then caught by all the *honest* participants involved in the transaction.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
All the honest participants involved in the transaction then catch the misalignment.
```

In the example above, **Buyer**'s participant can't be tricked if it's honest and would reject the submission
with an ``DISCLOSED_CONTRACT_AUTHENTICATION_FAILED``. On the other hand, if **Buyer**'s participant is malicious as well
and they somehow submit a confirmation request with the malformed payload to other participants involved in the transaction,

> the other participants will detect the mis-alignment as well and reject the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the other participants will detect the mis-alignment and reject the request.
```

> In the example above, **Buyer**'s participant can't be tricked if it's honest and would reject the submission
> with an ``DISCLOSED_CONTRACT_AUTHENTICATION_FAILED``. On the other hand, if **Buyer**'s participant is malicious as well
> and they somehow submit a confirmation request with the malformed payload to other participants involved in the transaction,
> the other participants will detect the mis-alignment as well and reject the request.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the example above, if the **Buyer**'s participant is honest it cannot be tricked and would reject the submission
with a ``DISCLOSED_CONTRACT_AUTHENTICATION_FAILED``. If **Buyer**'s participant is also malicious
and submits a confirmation request with the malformed payload,
the other participants involved in the transaction detect the misalignment and reject the request.
```

Business logic safeguards
`````````````````````````

> Generally, as good practice, each Daml application workflow should have business logic preconditions
> that safeguard against mis-use.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As good practice, each Daml application workflow should have business logic preconditions
that safeguard against misuse.
```

In our example, the ``Offer_Accept`` choice has a *flexible* controller (``buyer``) that is provided as an argument.
Since any party can exercise the choice by providing the ``disclosedOffer`` disclosed contract at command submission time,

> the choice body must contain safeguards that disallow malicious use, modelled in our example as Daml asserts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the choice body should contain safeguards that disallow malicious use, modelled in our example as Daml asserts.
```

::

            -- Assert the quotation issuer and asset name
            priceQuotation.issuer === quotationProducer
            priceQuotation.stockName === asset.stockName

> When modelling Daml workflows using disclosed contracts, such safeguards assure:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When modeling Daml workflows using disclosed contracts, such safeguards assure:
```

- a disclosed contract's user that its contents are validated against expected conditions.
- a disclosed contract's owner that it is used within the expected agreement.

> In our case, the Daml assertion in ``Offer_Accept`` ensure that the price quotation

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In our case, the Daml assertions in ``Offer_Accept`` ensure that the price quotation
```
